---
title: Disclaimer
permalink: /disclaimer/
hero: Disclaimer
---

The artwork generated by AI and featured on the Wooley Art website is the result of innovative technology and artistic vision. While artificial intelligence plays a significant role in the creation process, it is important to note that all artwork remains the intellectual property of Tony Naccarato, the creator of Wooley Art.

Ownership and Copyright:
The artwork displayed on our website, including AI-generated pieces, are protected by copyright laws and international intellectual property rights. Tony Naccarato retains full ownership and copyright of all artwork showcased on the Wooley Art platform, unless otherwise stated.

Use and Reproduction:
Unauthorized reproduction, distribution, or modification of the artwork without explicit permission from Tony Naccarato is strictly prohibited. This includes but is not limited to copying, printing, publishing, or using the artwork for commercial purposes. Any unauthorized use may result in legal action.

Accuracy and Authenticity:
While we strive to ensure the accuracy and quality of the artwork displayed on our website, please note that variations may occur due to the nature of AI-generated creations. The colors, textures, and overall appearance of the artwork may differ slightly from what is shown on the website. We make every effort to provide accurate representations of our artwork, but we cannot guarantee exact replication.

Third-Party Content:
Wooley Art may feature content, links, or references to third-party websites or resources for informational purposes. We do not endorse or assume responsibility for the accuracy, reliability, or content of these external sources. Any reliance on such information is at your own risk.

Limitation of Liability:
While we strive to provide a seamless and secure browsing experience, Wooley Art and Tony Naccarato will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages arising from the use of our website, including but not limited to errors, omissions, or interruptions in service.

By accessing and using the Wooley Art website, you acknowledge and agree to this disclaimer. If you have any questions or concerns regarding the content or ownership of the artwork, please [contact us](/contact/).

Last updated: May 30, 2023
